Document defaultBlock in methods.myMethod.call (#3558)
ethereum/web3.js: docs/web3-eth-contract.rst

    * ``from`` - ``String`` (optional): The address the call "transaction" should be made from. For calls the ``from`` property is optional however it is highly recommended to explicitly set it or it may default to `address(0)` depending on your node or provider.
    * ``gasPrice`` - ``String`` (optional): The gas price in wei to use for this call "transaction".
    * ``gas`` - ``Number`` (optional): The maximum gas provided for this call "transaction" (gas limit).

> 2. ``Number|String|BN|BigNumber`` - (optional) If you pass this parameter it will not use the default block set with :ref:`contract.defaultBlock <defaultblock>`. Pre-defined block numbers as ``"latest"``, ``"earliest"``, ``"pending"``, and ``"genesis"`` can also be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Number|String|BN|BigNumber`` - (optional) If you pass this parameter it will not use the default block set with :ref:`contract.defaultBlock <defaultblock>`. Pre-defined block numbers as ``"latest"``, ``"earliest"``, ``"pending"``, and ``"genesis"`` can also be used.  Useful for requesting data from or replaying transactions in past blocks.
```

Author: Why remove `- 2.`? it messes up indentation
https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js/blob/2943f6bf7c8330bc3e86df50c3756ec371abd1bd/docs/web3-eth-contract.rst#parameters-4
